Interactive-Frontend-Development – Code Institute – By Thomas Christian Butcher

The overview of the project “Interactive-Frontend-Development” is to demonstrate my capabilities when it comes to creating a memory game using JavaScript. The game has been created with 8 different sport images amongst 16 cards. 
The aim of the game is for the player to flip all 16 cards and find the two exact images of a sport to win the game.  There are 8 sports represented in the game. The player will have 100 seconds to play and the game will keep a tally of how many flips they take before they win the game.  If, however, at the end, the player did not win, they will be asked to play again. 
It’s important to note that I used the videos attached to help me create this website. They helped me with the framework and design however the decision to use the sports was my choice. I would say I found inspiration from these videos. 
I would also like to mention a lot has happened since I started this project, and therefore it has taken so long for it to be finished. I moved to a new country, my wife got sick and then I started a brand-new job in a profession I am not used to. I am trying to explain why this has taken so long to get finished and why I used videos found outside of the course to get this project done. 

This is the link to the site: https://stormtrooper88.github.io/Interactive-Frontend-Development/

UX

 (Link to my balsamiq mockup: https://github.com/stormtrooper88/Interactive-Frontend-Development/blob/master/Interactive%20Frontend%20Development.png
 
My goal for this game was for the player to use their memory to find two exact images of a sport amongst the 16 cards available. I wanted to make it user-friendly for players so that they can play without any problems whilst the game counts them down and keeps a count of the amount of flips they made. At the end of the timer, they will find out if they have completed the game or whether they ran out of time and to start again.

 The click to start allows the player to start the game (at this point, the timer will start, and the game will track the number of flips the player takes).  Before clicking, the game goes dark until the player clicks on the “start game”. The player will need to click on a card for it to rotate 180% to show the sport behind that given card. The player should then click on other cards to reveal what sport is behind them. If the cards do not match, they will rotate back. However, if the cards do match, the two cards will stay showing. This will continue until the player has successfully found 8 identical cards.
Once the player has found all the correct cards within the allocated time, they will see a screen stating “Winner”. If they do not finish in time, they will see a note across the screen stating “Game Over. Try again”. The player can repeat the game as many times as they wish. 

Features

1.	This site uses Java Script to create an interactive memory game. It allows the user to play a game in which they try to find two identical cards. Java Script is being used to shuffle the cards to reveal the sport behind it. I found this shuffle applicant from: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2450954/how-to-randomize-shuffle-a-javascript-array

2.	. Java Script and CSS is also being used to match the cards when they rotate. This is being done with the help of Code institute tutors and the videos. 

Existing Features: 

•	Feature Java Script – The came is interactive as the player must click on “start the game” for it to start. I used Java Script for this to happen. 

•	I used CSS so that the card would rotate when the player clicked on it to reveal the card behind it. 
Features Left to Implement

•	I would like to have changed the card background of the back of the images so that they fit the card rather than standing out. 

•	I would have liked to have added music to the game.

•	I would have also liked to work on the different dimensions, such as the game on the phone, etc. 

Technologies Used

1.	.HTML – I used this to create the code to demonstrate on the page the title, timer, flips and finally cards for the game. 
2.	CSS – I used this edit the page such as colours on the page. 
3.	JavaScript – I used this to make the game interactive for the player.
4.	How to Code a Card Matching Game - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VfzEiJgy4&t=749s
5.	How to Code A Card Game In Plain JavaScript – Spooky Halloween Edition - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uuQ3g92oPQ
6.	How to randomize (shuffle) a JavaScript array? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2450954/how-to-randomize-shuffle-a-javascript-array

Testing

I have tested the game several times before allowing it to go live. I tested the game until it started running with my goals in mind. The game starts by the page loading, the background goes dark and the writing of “Click to Start the Game”.  Upon clicking on the writing, the game starts. The timer counts down and the flips are shown. In front of the user is 16 Java Script cards. Behind each card is a sport, there are 8 sports, two identical cards of each sport. The user now clicks on two random cards which will rotate to show two sports. The user must identify two identical cards and continue this until all 8 sports are revealed. 
If the player can find all the cards within the time allocated, a note will appear over the game stating “Winner!”. I also tested if the play does not find all the cards within the allocated time, what happens then, is a note will appear stating “Game Over, Click to Restart”. 

The one thing I should have worked on more was the way the game ran when having a smaller screen or a minimised screen. 
 Below you can find what issues I found when running the game

I found the following interesting bugs:

1.	At first, my cards would not rotate. However, after having help from the tutors at code institute we found the problem. 

2.	So, I had at first with the front image and back image showing. However, after looking at my html.index work. I realised that it would be easier to copy and paste the original work and then adding each image and use CSS to edit rotate the cards. 

3.	The next issue was making the cards shuffle, I had made a mistake her by typing in match rather than math in the Java Script. Once I fixed this, the cards shuffled so that it was not easy for the player to find the matching card.

4.	I had an issue that after two cards had been shown, they were not identical, they would not go back to the cover image. However, this did not work. I would click on several more images without them being turned over. After looking at the code, I realised I needed to fix my java scrip.

Deployment

This is the link for the site: https://stormtrooper88.github.io/Interactive-Frontend-Development/

I created the GitHub memory game site following the instructions laid out on the GitHub site. All the new commits are sent to the master branch and then edited into the live version of the site. 
I did this by entering my GitHub repository and entering the settings section. From here I went down to GitHub Pages section and choose the theme “minimal”. From here I was then directed to the settings of my repository and in the GitHub Pages section I found the link provided at the start of this README.md

If you wish to run the code locally then you can clone my git repository and run it an editor such as Visual Studio Code. Simply paste “git clone “https://github.com/stormtrooper88/Interactive-Frontend-Development/tree/master” into your terminal. Once you have done this you will want to stop the connection with the GitHub repository. You do this by typing into your terminal “git remote rm origin”.

Credits

Content

•	All the code in this project was written by me manually. I was helped along by the code institute tutor support and by watching the following videos on the infrastructure and how to set up the Java Script content along with the final link which helped me create my shuffling of the cards.  The links are below. 

1.	 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VfzEiJgy4&t=749s

2.	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uuQ3g92oPQ

3.	https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2450954/how-to-randomize-shuffle-a-javascript-array

Media

The links used to download the photos for this project are below. 

•	The photo of the logo of JavaScript came from: https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/171-1718042_javascript-logo-png-transparent-png.png

•	The photo of the American football came from: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

• The photo of the Basketball came from: https://www.fanatics.com/nba/toronto-raptors/toronto-raptors-fanatics-authentic-2019-nba-finals-champions-spalding-logo-basketball/o-1347+t-03368651+p-47058732669+z-9-3314390205

•	The photo of the Cricket ball came from: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0012/8797/9121/products/CDBK15Ball_20Velocity_20Ball_20Pink_1500x.jpg?v=1534338478

•	The photo of the Football came from: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Jigwd1kKL._SX425_.jpg

•	The photo of the Golf ball came from: https://dks.scene7.com/is/image/GolfGalaxy/T4011S-N_NOCOLOR_DET-alt1?wid=780&fmt=jpg

•	The photo of the Shuttlecock came from: http://sstsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/shuttle-cock.jpg

•	The photo of the Tennis ball came from: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

•	The photo of the Rugby ball came from: https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/rugby-ball-picture-id1126344932?k=6&m=1126344932&s=612x612&w=0&h=vfCxsFFxM_Tp7ksOa_mr7K5nxQn6QxtmXW2k7eKFvW0=

Acknowledgements

•	I would like to acknowledge the inspiration I found from the videos I found below that gave me the structural idea for my game: 	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VfzEiJgy4&t=746s

•	I would also like to acknowledge the help when it came to structure the JavaScript section for my game:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uuQ3g92oPQ

I would also like to thank Dick, my mentor, for advising me and going out of his way to help me. He has helped me keep myself going when I was feeling overwhelmed. I would also like to thank the 24-hour support that is now available. It has really helped me and allowed me to get the support I needed. 

